Dave's family were not fans of Dave. His teeth were too big, his laugh too loud, his morning constitution too jarring. 
He never shaved. He had toe fungus. He had peculiar political views. He only wore shoes indoors. 

Dave didn’t mind. He knew that these things might someday make him useful, maybe as a toe cream test subject or candidate 
for mayor of a major city. Dave was not bitter because Dave did not have the seed of sadness over his circumstances that 
would sprout into bitterness if gone unvalidated for too long. 

So, you might wonder, did it hurt Dave that his family had left the house before he woke up this morning, on the morning 
of his 16th birthday? It really didn’t.

And when he found the note that said, “D- At zoo. Please do dishes.” was he angry in the slightest? Although they had 
taken the only car off to Dave’s favorite daytime outing, the first time they’d done anything like that in years, without 
him on his birthday, Dave really wasn’t even annoyed.

Nor was he when he discovered that someone had eaten the last of his favorite cereal, Kellog’s Fruit Loops, and put the
empty box back on the shelf, as if trying only to lure him into another trap of disappointment. 

Nor was he when he discovered that his bike had been specifically moved from the garage and into the rain sometime between last
night and this morning. 

Not even when found that, I’m sorry to tell you, his hamster had died and its body had been removed before he could’ve even 
said goodbye, a little note left on its empty wheel: “Flushed Hugo. Well, tried. Don’t use downstairs toilet.” 

And although an improper burial is one of the greatest slights one can dole out to a person or hamster in Dave’s 
opinion, Dave was not resentful of his family. 

However, when Dave turned on the TV, and saw that a Moroccan mini monkey had gone missing from the zoo, and it was 
107 degrees Fahrenheit and no one was allowed in or out until the monkey was located, and all of the lemonade and Dippin-Dots 
stands had shut down in protest, and the visitors to the zoo had all begun to rip their clothes into the barest possible
fashions and attempt to claw their way over fences and gates into their air-conditioned cars, and an angry, sweaty-faced man 
was being interviewed and screaming “We don’t give two shits about no monkey, they can’t keep us here, it’s illegal!”, Dave
decided he could maybe use a few more hours of sleep, and ambled upstairs. He pulled the curtain across the window, got back 
into bed, and smiled, because Dave knew it WAS legal to hold people at the zoo in a time of emergency. He drifted off into 
a blissful sleep, knowing that when he woke up, it would still be the best birthday of his life. 

